# Data integration 
This is an example of the views I developped for having a comprehensive and integrated view of the information regarding arrivals from Honda. To anonymize inside terminology at Honda's and it's data I have just uploaded two of the queries I developped. The entire project also consisted on the uploadings of the files to the SQL database after having transformed them through Power Query.
The anonymized structure implcit in the queries follows the next structure. We had different types of docs that had information about the motorcycle arrivals and they were issued to us progressively. Therefore, the first type of docs was only valid if there were no more info of the same motorcycles on the other types of docs, the second one primed over the first one but was disregarded once the same motorcycles appeared on the third and fourth and, lastly, all info about units in the fourth doc left the rest of the info on motorcycles obsolete. 
On the queries you can see how the least updated document is DOC_1 and the most updated document is DOC_4, so the numeration states the order of validity over the other type of documents on a descending order. 
You will also see that these documents are reflected of the database's tables, which noticeable beacuse all of them are drawn from DOC_X_ORIGINAL_SQL_TABLE onthe queries. It's important to state that these tables stored the different DOC_X on an accumulated, more specifically they had the same columns as the original table but then another final date of update column that stated when was the DOC_X issued to us so we retained all in each DOC_X_ORIGINAL_SQL_TABLE all versions of the DOC_x continuosly issued to us so we retained as much information as needed. The queries take this fact into account and extracte allways only the info where date of update is the maximum possible number.

Lastly, just to give a sense of the purpose of each query.

__arrivals from fabric_A.sql__ looks at all sql tables contaning the most updated versions of docs DOC_2, DOC_2, DOC_3, and DOC_4 and then, for each motorcycle pending to come, looks at the ETA (Estimated time of arrival) that appears of the document that has a the greater numeration, so preference is DOC_4 but if there's no info for this unit there then DOC_3 but if there's no info for this unit there then DOC_2 and finally if there's no info for this unit there then DOC_1.

__consistent info view fabric_A.sql__ has a complementary view on the docs, it looks whether there is consistency in units between the documents. The consistency logic is the following, DOC_1 contains the historic of units booked on a given month and is the reference to compare to all units that appear on subsecuent DOC_2 and DOC_3. More specifically, the part of the motocycles appearing in DOC_1 that are pending to arrive would already appear in DOC_2 (the ones which have not been shipped yet from fabric_A and some that have been shipped not long ago), some of this units will overlap with units in DOC_3 which is a historic of all units that have been shipped towards us and that appear on DOC_3 as soon as they are shipped, some of them have not arrived yet. That means that, to conclude, all units of every month that appear on DOC_2 or DOC_3 must be the same for a given production (ORDER-MOTNH) than those of DOC_1. DOC_4 has not units, only container info. 
